# Discussion Assignments
Welcome to the Discussion Section of the course. 

Here you will find the problems generated by the TAs each week.
These problems will be reviewed during discussion and solutions will be sent out.
These problems will be more representative of exam questions than the Webassign.
These problems WILL NOT be graded, but are part of the course material!

Expect 3 problems a week.
One written by each TA, and the a computational problem.
The computational problem provides 'extra credit'.
the exams for the course will be traditional in-class exams. 
There will be no programming required for ANY graded assignment in the course. 

## Webassign
The official (graded) homework for the course are the Webassign problems, assigned by Dr. Hemminger. 
These problems can be discussed during discussion if students have interest, however, solution `Will Not` be sent out.
Please discuss these problems with other students, either TA, or the instructor if you are having dificulty solving them. 

## Computational Resources
If you have access to a computer, than you can benefit from learning basic programming. 
Any person who interacts with data should learn to use basic computaional resources for storing, managing, plotting, and analyzing the data.
The majority of scientific problems cannot be solved analytically (with pen and paper), computational methods are essential for working on cutting-edge problems.
These programming questions are meant to be an introduction to programming for students. 
These problems are not graded to encourage students to learn to code, without the stress of grades. 

### Mathematica
Mathematica is a private mathmatical software, made available for free to students at UCI.

`https://uci.service-now.com/kb_view.do?sysparm_article=KB0010917`

Chem 5 at UCI requires the use of Mathematica, so we have decided to also use Mathematica during Chem132A. 
We will use this software to introduce students to basic computational skills, and solve more interesting problems numerically. 
`Moises Romero` will provide solutions to the computational questions each week using Mathematica. 

#### Mathematica Tutorial
The `Mathematica_Tutorial` contains an example Mathematica notebook written by `Alan Robledo` (Furche Group, UCI). 
This tutorial covers various useful commands available in Mathematica, and was made with Chem132A in mind. 

### Python
Python is an open-source (free) all-purpose programming language that is heavily used in the scientific community (data science and biolgical sciences for example). 
Python is one of the easiest programming languages to learn, and can be used for general programming (not just scientific computing). 
For this reason, `Shane Flynn` will prepare solutions to the computational questions using Python each week. 

Special thanks to `Alan Robledo` for helping prepare questions and solutions in both Python and Mathematica!
